CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to This Project

This document provides instructions for developing and adding new content (games and tools) to the website.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your system. This will also provide `npm`, the Node.js package manager.

## Initial Setup

1. Clone the repository.
2. In your terminal, run the following command to install the necessary development dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Development Workflow

This project uses a **source (`src`)** and **distribution (`dist`)** directory structure. All development and content creation happens in the `src` folder. The final, deployable website is generated in the `dist` folder by a build script.

### 1. Adding New Content (Recommended)

To create a new game or tool, use the `generate` script. This is the easiest and recommended way to add content.

**To add a new game:**
```bash
npm run generate game "Your New Game Name"
```

**To add a new tool:**
```bash
npm run generate tool "Your New Tool Name"
```

This command automatically creates a new directory in `src/content/` with all the necessary boilerplate files. It also runs the build script, so your new item is immediately ready for development.

### 2. Running the Development Server

To build the site and preview it locally, run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This command first builds the site into the `dist` folder and then starts a local server to preview the result. The server address (usually `http://localhost:3000`) will be displayed in the terminal.

**Important:** If you make changes to files in the `src` directory, you will need to stop the server (`Ctrl+C`) and run `npm run dev` again to see your changes.

## Available Scripts

- `npm run build`: Runs the build script to generate the final website in `/dist`.
- `npm start`: Starts a local server for the `/dist` folder. Use this to preview a site that has already been built.
- `npm run dev`: A convenience script that runs `build` and then `start`.
- `npm run generate <type> "<name>`: Creates a new game or tool with the given name.

## Project Structure (`src` folder)

- `src/_includes/`: Contains HTML templates used by the build script.
  - `item-template.html`: The main template for individual game and tool pages.
- `src/assets/`: Contains all static assets like CSS, JavaScript, and images.
- `src/content/`: Contains all website content.
  - `game/` & `tool/`: Each subdirectory here is a specific game or tool.
    - `meta.json`: Contains metadata (name, description, icon, tags).
    - `content.html`: The main HTML content for the item.
    - `description.md`: A detailed description (in Markdown) shown on the item's page.
    - `script.js`: The specific JavaScript logic for the item. Must export an `init()` function.
    - `style.css`: (For games only) Specific CSS for the game.
  - `index.html`, `home/`, etc.: Static pages and content folders.

Commit message:

Translate Korean localization strings and expand content for various tools, including licenses, privacy policy, terms of service, and game descriptions.

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to This Project

This document provides instructions for developing and adding new content (games and tools) to the website.

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your system. This will also provide `npm`, the Node.js package manager.

## Initial Setup

1. Clone the repository.
2. In your terminal, run the following command to install the necessary development dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

## Development Workflow

This project uses a **source (`src`)** and **distribution (`dist`)** directory structure. All development and content creation happens in the `src` folder. The final, deployable website is generated in the `dist` folder by a build script.

### 1. Adding New Content (Recommended)

To create a new game or tool, use the `generate` script. This is the easiest and recommended way to add content.

**To add a new game:**
```bash
npm run generate game "Your New Game Name"
```

**To add a new tool:**
```bash
npm run generate tool "Your New Tool Name"
```

This command automatically creates a new directory in `src/content/` with all the necessary boilerplate files. It also runs the build script, so your new item is immediately ready for development.

### 2. Running the Development Server

To build the site and preview it locally, run:

```bash
npm run dev
```

This command first builds the site into the `dist` folder and then starts a local server to preview the result. The server address (usually `http://localhost:3000`) will be displayed in the terminal.

**Important:** If you make changes to files in the `src` directory, you will need to stop the server (`Ctrl+C`) and run `npm run dev` again to see your changes.

## Available Scripts

- `npm run build`: Runs the build script to generate the final website in `/dist`.
- `npm start`: Starts a local server for the `/dist` folder. Use this to preview a site that has already been built.
- `npm run dev`: A convenience script that runs `build` and then `start`.
- `npm run generate <type> "<name>`: Creates a new game or tool with the given name.

## Project Structure (`src` folder)

The `src` directory is organized to separate content, logic, and localization.

- **`src/content/<type>/<item-slug>/`**
  This is where the files for a specific tool or game are located.
  - `<type>` can be `game` or `tool`.
  - `<item-slug>` is the unique identifier for the item (e.g., `tic-tac-toe`).
  - **`meta.json`**: Contains metadata for the item, such as `icon`, `tags`, and references to script/style files. The `name` and `description` fields are placeholders that are populated from the i18n files.
  - **`content.html`**: The main HTML structure for the item.
  - **`script.js`**: The item-specific JavaScript logic. It must export an `init()` function.
  - **`style.css`**: (Optional, for games) Item-specific styles.

- **`src/i18n/`**
  This directory holds the localization files.
  - **`en.json`** and **`ko.json`**: These JSON files contain all the text content for the site. Each item's text (name, description, UI elements) is stored in an object keyed by its `<item-slug>`. When adding a new item, you must add corresponding entries to these files.

- **`src/assets/`**
  Contains all global static assets like CSS, JavaScript, and images.

- **`src/_includes/`**
  Contains HTML templates used by the build script to assemble the final pages.
